hey folks this is Terry this is August
1st 2019 the proto school weekly call
and we have just couple of things to
show you today that we've been working
on um all kind of in like well some of
it under the hood but a lot of it kind
of affecting the local learner
experience and what authors of tutorials
can do so I can show you the
multiple-choice lesson format that we
created no idea remain zoom controls all
right so so our in the past we've had
both
[Applause]
text-only lessons which would be purely
checks move on the next purely text or
lessons with a code challenge whether or
not it includes a file upload which is
something else we enabled recently but
now we have the ability to write a text
lesson and then have a quiz at the end
of it and one of the cool things about
this is that you would be able to build
this lesson without knowing JavaScript
it's pretty easy to just paste in the
question and the answer options that you
want without really understanding much
under the hood so here's an example of
how this works and the user it's gonna
get the same feedback like they did
obviously looking is that code but just
showing us that you can use markdown to
get formatting in these responses so as
usual you're gonna customize feedback
for the user to help them understand why
it answer is wrong if it's wrong and we
actually have the next button disabled
here until the correct answer is chosen
since it's not a ton of work to go
through the effort of getting to the
right one and then you can move on to
the next question
so that's C the multiple choice lesson
and then do you want to share any of the
other stuff with some like that yeah we
finished and shaped the lesson component
refactor that's what there is mentioning
when she was saying that we had some
other the holes improvements that also
bears the workflow because on the
multiple on the file upload license
there was some kind of maybe I can show
it yeah I'll show it as it's already
online
okay so previously when
uploaded a file and then you concluded
the lesson since XO sexually if you
refresh right now you have the files
cached in your browser but if you
refresh the page the lesson was already
pasted but you weren't able to see the
output
because there were no cars files right
now and there was no not not anything
saying what you should do and the state
owes was a bit or something like of a
mess and users didn't know what to do so
right now we worked on that and if the
lesson is already best you can still
skip to the next lesson so you don't
have to do anything if you don't want to
if you do want to see the output again
you can just upload another file and now
you have like the submit again button to
be able to see the output and we have a
little message I'm going to refresh
again just so you can see yeah you have
this little link that says hey this this
lesson is already is already best but
there are no cache files so upload new
files and submit it to see the output
and you can submit if you don't upload
files again so yeah this and some other
changes that operate the workflow has
been done and they're already online if
you want to check check them out yeah
Yarmuth
thank you so we are some of the other
stuff we're doing is working as part of
the broader
ipfs documentation team to improve
linking between educational resources
that exist right now so we're going
through we're doing a couple of things
one is that we're going to the websites
that exist for ipfs the domain ipfs
thought i oj esto dice es si o adding
links to proto school and the deal goes
in the middle of going through and
adding links from our tutorials out to
documentation so for example the API
Doc's about the specifics of how some
function works so that's all kind of in
in progress
one of those things that's never quite
done but we're pushing away on some of
that stuff and there is the ipfs Doc's
call happens regularly on Mondays if
anyone is interested in joining that you
can find it on what else do you know I
think that's about it we're thinking of
creating a new tutorial we already have
the M FS 1 but now we were thinking of
adding a new tutorial on how to well and
get files from a BFS but not with m FS
the low level low level API so so to
speak so yeah yeah on the content front
that's the next thing we expect to roll
out and yeah that's I think that's it
for our updates today we can frack early
and people can catch up and watch this
later feel free to help us tweet about
our new choice lessons and the fact that
this means you don't need to well you
already didn't need to go to the lessons
but we have updated the instructions for
building tutorials sort of flips that
multiple choice options if anyone is
interested in seeing how they do that
you can find it in our reasoning alright
we'll see everybody next Thursday
yeah